Do you have a low civil score?  Is no
one giving credit card because of low CIBIL score
?  Are you
unable to get a loan due to lack of credit score
?  Now there
is no need to worry.  Not only those with low credit scores,
even freshers are getting Z credit
cards.  That too free of cost.
By using Z Credit Card you
can easily increase your CIBIL score to 750 plus.  This is an FD based credit
card.  You
can also use this card by doing any UPI selling.  Up
to 7% annual
interest is also available from RBI on FD.  Apart from this, many
joining benefits are also available.
With this AZ credit card, you can
see your credit score improve within just 30 days.  If
you also want to get Z credit card
then I will
give you the Z app link in the description and PIN comment.  Go and
download the Z app using the link and get the free of cost Z
credit card and also avail
all the benefits.  Hello
friends, Namaskar and welcome back to our
YouTube channel.  In today's video I will
explain about ICICI Health Insurance.
ICICI Health Insurance Policy is
offered by ICICI Lamb General Insurance Company.
This plan is offered to cover medical expenses
such as hospitalization costs, day
care procedures, free and post-
hospitalization costs and AYUSH treatments to provide
financial protection in such situations.
These people are
offering various health insurance plans.
Like it can be for individuals,
family floater plans or
specialized plans for women or
senior citizens and special
plans are also being offered.  Like it can be for maternity
benefits or
for critical illness also.  Here we are
also giving you comprehensive coverage.
Everything is included in this coverage.  Such
as hospitalization, expenses, day care
treatments, hospital room rent, doctor
fees, ambulance charges, all are included.
You also have cashless facility in this.
Cashless facility is available in more than 2300 hospitals.  So you can get
admitted in any hospital without any tension
and their clienteling procedure
is also very good.  As soon as you submit the claim report, we will proceed and
settle the matter.
So you can also cover your health
with ICICI Health Insurance at a
reasonable price.  You
can also get 20% instant commission
on every insurance issue.  How do you do it now
?  Let's see.  There is an insurance option in your SBI ID.  If you
tap on it,
two options will appear.  Dashboard and
History.  Now let's tap on the top of the dashboard.
Now the page will open like this.  Now you have to
tap on it.  If you tap on Health Insurance here, it will
ask for the details of the person whose insurance you are making.  For example, select whether the person making the insurance
is male or female, enter the next
name, email ID, mobile number and pin code and continue.  He will
ask whose insurance you are taking next.  Like
for self or with partner
or with children,
after selecting it, a popup of age will appear.
Select and click next, then
various companies will be shown here.  Select ICICI here.
It has a coverage of Rs 5 lakh.
Here you have to fill the details of the insurer.
Like entering name, date of birth,
marital status, occupation,
next, entering weight and height in feet and inches,
selecting annual income, it will
ask whether there are any other health issues or not.  Select no and go next.
Next, enter the nominee name, relation and date of
birth and tap on Next.
Next, enter the complete address and
PAN number and click next.  Whatever
you have entered here will be
shown.  If you want to make some changes, there
is an edit option here also.   You
can make changes.  If you have any previous
health insurance, you can add it here also.
Otherwise it doesn't matter.
Next, accept the terms and conditions and make the
payment, then it's done.  Your ICICI
health insurance will be issued.  But remember that the
insurance amount will be deducted from your main wallet
only.  So first get
insurance only after topping up your main wallet.
After issuance, 20% commission will be
added to your wallet instantly.  Now you can also get
your health insurance done with ICICI Health
Insurance.  That too
at a very low price.  Also get 20% instant
commission.  So, see how easy it is to
earn in our Seva Bandhu.  So
this was the information about ICICI Health Insurance
and to know about our Seva Bandhu,
subscribe to our channel
and also check the already uploaded videos
and if you have any
doubts about any service
then let us know by commenting in the comment section.   I will
explain about other services in the next video.  Thanks for now.